# We're live!

Yes, we're back!
{: class="lead"}

I'm sorry the site hasn't been live sooner but let's just say the election
was very poorly timed when it comes to my work schedule.

What's new?
{: class="lead"}

{::comment}BREAK{:/comment}

I'm trying to develop the site beyond simply a Senate ballot editor. That
functionality will be around but I'm trying to provide a site that'll allow
people to find out more about who currently represents them and what their
options are for changing that if it doesn't suit them. You'll see there are
now per-division pages detailing who your local member is and who your
Senators are. These pages will also start to list candidates that will be
running in your division. There will also be state/territory-based pages to
list Senators and senate candidates. These will link to the ballot editors
when they're live.

__Hang on, you said ballot editors, plural?__

Yes, we will be providing lower house ballot editors this time.

__So where are they then?__

Nominations have not yet closed. Senate group voting tickets and House of
Representatives ballots won't be released until the nominations have closed
and the candidates have been announced. We'll have them up as soon as we can
after that happens.

Can I help?
{: lead}

Yes, you can! The site is now completely open source, hosted at
[GitHub](https://github.com/belowtheline/site). You can make contributions via
GitHub if you're comfortable with that or you can
[email me](mailto:benno@belowtheline.org.au) or you can reach me on Twitter at
[@belowtheline_au](https://twitter.com/belowtheline_au). Contributions of
candidate information, bug reports and the like will all be happily accepted.

Many thanks!
